Document Automatic Scenario Assignment feature (#1104)
kyma-incubator/compass: docs/compass/03-automatic-scenario-assignment.md

# Automatic Scenario Assignment

> 

Reviewer: Add Introduction header

Author: according to @klaudiagrz such header is not necessary (it should be used only in the README files)

> To connect and group your Applications and Runtimes, assign them to the same scenario.

Reviewer: I would say that the first sentence is not needed

> Automatic Scenario Assignment feature allows defining condition when a Scenario is automatically assigned to the Runtime.

Reviewer: We can specify what the condition means - a label selector). Then we could have here 2 sentences, which is good enough for an introduction.

Reviewer: I would not limit the feature to runtimes. We could rephrase it and write in another sentence that only Runtimes are supported for now.

## API

AutomaticScenarioAssignment is defined in the following way:
```graphql
type AutomaticScenarioAssignment {
   scenarioName: String!
   selector: Label!
}

type Label {
   key: String!
   value: Any!
}

```

> If the Runtime is labeled with a label that matches the label's selector, the Runtime is assigned to the given Scenario.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a Runtime is labeled with a label that matches the value of the **selector** parameter, the Runtime is assigned to the given Scenario.
```

> Director API contains the following mutations for managing Automatic Scenario Assignments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Director API contains the following mutations for managing Automatic Scenario Assignments:
```

```graphql
   createAutomaticScenarioAssignment(in: AutomaticScenarioAssignmentSetInput!): AutomaticScenarioAssignment 
   deleteAutomaticScenarioAssignmentForScenario(scenarioName: String!): AutomaticScenarioAssignment 
   deleteAutomaticScenarioAssignmentsForSelector(selector: LabelSelectorInput!): [AutomaticScenarioAssignment!]! 
}
```
When creating Assignment, the following conditions are checked:
* for given scenario, at most one Assignment exists
* given scenario has to exists
* selector's value type is a string

> Director API contains queries for fetching all assignments, assignments for the given Scenario and the given label selector.

Reviewer: I would recommend adding subheaders:
`### Queries`, `### Mutations` etc.

Reviewer 2: I agree this might be helpful.

> Director API contains queries for fetching all assignments, assignments for the given Scenario and the given label selector.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Director API contains queries that allow you to fetch all assignments, fetch assignments for the given Scenario, and fetch assignments for the given label selector:
```

    key
    schema
  }
}
```

2. Create an Assignment, that Runtimes created by a Warehouse administrator are assigned to the `WAREHOUSE` scenario.
```graphql
mutation  {
  createAutomaticScenarioAssignment(in: {scenarioName: "WAREHOUSE", selector: {key: "owner", value: "warehouse-admin@mycompany.com"}}) {
    scenarioName
    selector {
      key
      value
    }
  }
}
```
4. Register a Runtime, with a label that indicates that it was created by the Warehouse administrator.
```graphql
mutation  {
  registerRuntime(in:{name: "warehouse-runtime-1", labels:{owner:"warehouse-admin@mycompany.com"}}) {
    name
    labels
  }
}
```

As you can see from the output below, the Runtime is assigned to the `WAREHOUSE` scenario, thanks to the previously
defined Automatic Scenario Assignment. 
```json
{
  "data": {
    "registerRuntime": {
      "name": "warehouse-runtime-1",
      "labels": {
        "owner": "warehouse-admin@mycompany.com",
        "scenarios": [
          "WAREHOUSE"
        ]
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> [//]: # TODO: currently runtime is also assigned to the DEFAULT scenario, but should it?

Reviewer: I don't think it should. It would be great to write it down:
If automatic scenario assignment is specified and new runtime is matched by selector, DEFAULT scenario is not assigned (when this feature is turned on).

Obviously only when we agree that this is how it should work.

6. Remove AutomaticScenarioAssignment.
```graphql
mutation  {
  deleteAutomaticScenarioAssignmentForScenario(scenarioName: "WAREHOUSE") {
    scenarioName
  }
}
```

7. Fetch information about previously created Runtime, for example by listing all Runtimes
```graphql
query  {
  runtimes {
    data {
      id
      name
      labels
    }
  }
}
```

As you can see, Runtime was unassigned from the `WAREHOUSE` scenario.
```json
{
  "data": {
    "runtimes": {
      "data": [
        {
          "id": "b5e1bf58-e8bb-4bde-a9c0-87650b0909c0",
          "name": "warehouse-runtime-1",
          "labels": {
            "owner": "warehouse-admin@mycompany.com",
            "scenarios": [

>               "DEFAULT"

Reviewer: hmm, should we replace deleted auto-assigned scenario with DEFAULT? Or should we leave it empty?

            ]
          }
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

TODO: in the implementation, WAREHOUSE scenario is not removed

The same situation occurs if you modify or remove the label `createdBy` for the Runtime.

> Assignment Runtime to scenarios occurs also when we define Assignment.

Reviewer: Please add subheaders to the Example section. Here we can start another subsection
